README.md, before:

Open Freight App
=============

Open Freight App is a project by the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission (DVRPC) to share with regional and national transportation planning partners the template and tools that are the basis for the [PhillyFreightFinder](http://www.dvrpc.org/webmaps/phillyfreightfinder/) web mapping and data application. Through this effort, DVRPC hopes that county planning agencies, metropolitan planning organizations and state departments of transportation, and economic development agencies can leverage this template to further their efforts in making freight transportation data public. By utilizing the Open Freight App template, rather than building from scratch, planning agencies can focus their time and resources on the development of data sets that can serve to improve the access to information on freight facilities and their role in economic development and transportation across the country. 

The Open Freight App project is available as an open-source template under the MIT License. A working demo is [available here](http://dvrpcfreight.github.io/open-freight-app/).

![app image](/lib/images/app.png)

Full documentation is [available here](http://dvrpcfreight.github.io/open-freight-app/#toc).
-------------------------------

If you are interested in contributing to the project please contact [Michael Ruane](mailto:mruane@dvrpc.org). To report any issues or bugs please send us an email or add an [issue here](https://github.com/DVRPCfreight/open-freight-app/issues).

Commit message:

update readme and craete working branch is 'feature/upgrade-leaflet'
working branch is 'feature/upgrade-leaflet'

README.md, after:

Open Freight App
=============
CPCS fork of the Open Freight App. Source repo was last updated 5+ yrs ago. Component/Library upgrades are needed.

Current working branch is 'feature/upgrade-leaflet'. This will upgarde Leaflet to latest version and will integrate vector tile functionality with
Leaflet.VectorGrid or mapbox-gl-leaflet binding.

Next Steps:
-Upgrade bootstrap CSS library to v4
-Remove jquery dependency and replace with vanilla javascript.
-Integrate into microsite template and theme based on the hugo static site generator. 


Open Freight App is a project by the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission (DVRPC) to share with regional and national transportation planning partners the template and tools that are the basis for the [PhillyFreightFinder](http://www.dvrpc.org/webmaps/phillyfreightfinder/) web mapping and data application. Through this effort, DVRPC hopes that county planning agencies, metropolitan planning organizations and state departments of transportation, and economic development agencies can leverage this template to further their efforts in making freight transportation data public. By utilizing the Open Freight App template, rather than building from scratch, planning agencies can focus their time and resources on the development of data sets that can serve to improve the access to information on freight facilities and their role in economic development and transportation across the country. 

The Open Freight App project is available as an open-source template under the MIT License. A working demo is [available here](http://dvrpcfreight.github.io/open-freight-app/).

![app image](/lib/images/app.png)

Full documentation is [available here](http://dvrpcfreight.github.io/open-freight-app/#toc).
-------------------------------

If you are interested in contributing to the project please contact [Michael Ruane](mailto:mruane@dvrpc.org). To report any issues or bugs please send us an email or add an [issue here](https://github.com/DVRPCfreight/open-freight-app/issues).
